I'm sure that I'm not.
That I did say that there was one thing that I could give him from friendly life at the
military base.
I pointed out to him that the National Interest required.
It's shine.
It treated just like every other show of soldier.
Well, what could be the criteria of the pattern?
Well, if you think this was the wrong clause to use.
Because we explore the disaster.
We explore the disaster.
It's the National National Interest.
It looks the thing we arranged for them is to give us a little bit.
And we are trying how the whole series is going to find out through us how we're going to give us a little
maximum of just the best of the recipe.
And this was a something.
Shine.
This causes a generation of another lives very friendly relationships over the month.
And no matter when the subject came up, no matter when I tried to use reasons.
Let's talk about this figure time.
All right.
I've generalized it this time.
You recall where that conversation was.
I recollecting it.
It's a situation room 101 of us at all.
You recall who it was.
I think Frank Sauer said.
I'm not sure.
They were not with the phone.
They came in.
They were at that time when you spoke to the National Interest.
Mr. Adams, did you understand that Mr. Cohn was talking to you at that time?
As he was on October 20th and previous occasion, as Mr. Roy Cohn, the individual, as Mr. Roy Cohn,
the attorney and General Soundthrough for this investigating committee.
Well, well, we've certainly seen that.
That's my question, Roger.
What did you understand about it?
On the occasion.
Was that just a man talking to you?
That was not an official.
What is that weight?
It was an official of the United States.
Mr. Adams, when you remember Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn had a disability day.
He was going to do a nice job of it.
He said about this.
He said he's not going to do a nice job of it.
But I don't know if you think it was a good compliment.
It doesn't.
It's a good compliment.
This conversation was around the person November.
That's the one you just needed.
And what you gave him this powerly advice that you have of us.
That's right.
I'm not going to talk to anybody about it.
I do not exactly locate the date.
All right.
Now, is there anything else there about medication?
By you, Mr. Cohn, or both of you, relating to the charge of you and Mr. Stevens,
that we respect the security and preparation for treatment for shyness.
Well, you see, shyness is the purpose of November.
Shyness was not yet inducted.
And the only conversation we were having.
Well, that's where he was going.
As of this moment, the matter was not yet uncertain.
I mean, have you related that conversation in detail?
That's what I estimate that.
So I related it in question.
I don't know.
I don't think of nothing else.
I'm very concerned about the respect of that particular conversation.
When next to you contact the committee or the committee contact you,
after the incident you just be able to make the senator McCarthy statement to you about November 4th,
that you have been able to respect the shyness.
There was a mention in Secretary Stevens office on November 6th.
No, November. On the 6th day of November?
Yes, sir.
I've heard this was a mention given to Madam.
I didn't get very excited with his mind.
More than anyone else.
What was the purpose of that mention?
Well, I mean, I have a reminder that Secretary Stevens, on the fact that Senator McCarthy has dated us on the 14th and on the 13th,
that he has substantial equal cases investigation with about ready to turn it back to the Army.
The Secretary also was aware of the news paper stories and some conversations that regularly forci had to meet.
The pattern of the Fort Monmouth investigation.
He was interested in talking about the word matter.
Additionally, Cohn had been expressing some discrepancy, some irritations,
over the types of news stories which from time to time were reaching new papers,
with reference to the Fort Monmouth matters.
And with the peer, the dammen do have been generated as a result of the leaks within the Pentagon.
And all of those things were causing, well, was this widely known,
I can't say it was a major investigation, but it was a huge issue to look at the stats in the bar,
I'm sure.
And all of those matters, a few of the matters,
which were worthy of exploration.
And the Secretary does not himself initiate the mention,
I think I suggested, and for the purposes that you have just be honest with,
I'll ask you whether or not the...
...adventure, hadn't...
...whether or not David Cheyenne was invited to that.
But it is not quite correct to say that David Cheyenne was invited when the mention was talked about.
As I recall, when I had conversations with Cohn, Cohn may be aware of the fact that Cheyenne might be in town
and might be brought along, and that's of course a particularly old lesson.
I did not tell the Secretary that Cheyenne was coming, and the Secretary did not invite Cheyenne.
But, they just brought along high levels of people, that was been perfectly alright.
Well, that's been a huge issue in that, Cheyenne.
I don't know that I said anything to the effects, be sure and get Cheyenne down to New York with his luncheon.
I think I was made aware of the fact that Cheyenne might be in town, and I better be in town bringing along.
If you want to, I left it as a field of joy.
Give it your wish that he's present in a field, one of the staff who should come.
Great.
Now, Miss Adams, will you please tell the incidents of November 6th in the second day's office at this luncheon?
Not not always, I'm certainly not, but states whether or not on medication.
Any discussion was, was had with respect to G. David Cheyenne.
There was.
My room.
Well, it was initiated by Cohn.
What specifically dismissed the Cohn state on medication was respect to Cheyenne.
Well, he pointed out that the committee was losing Cheyenne, the draft.
He was very important, he had a lot of work to do, he had to conclude.
And the committee needed his help, weekend.
And the committee might need him, when he said he was interested, the committee needed his help weekend.
This is even said something to the effects, well, that certainly can be a rain, weekend.
And then he elaborated on it and said,
I'm not sure it will pop you, but we understand this as we thought matters.
The sex there was present, you were present, Senator McCarthy, Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn.
Yes, I beggin' with.
That's very well, I'm going to go ahead and really fuck Mr. Cohn's there.
I'm secretary indicated that Cohn's going to be the shine to be a bit made available again.
And he told again that he had told the committee that he would not want to do anything.
Which, let me correct myself.
I think that's a trust committee about something, I think, and I'll relate that when we get to it.
But Mr. Cohn stated that Cohn, that they had many witnesses who would have to be interrogated,
whose background were known only to shine, and that they would have to have shine available to interrogate them.
And Mr. Cohn said that, if there were isolated instances of that sort, Mr. Cohn indicated that the instances wouldn't be regular,
but the times, some time, some time, it might have been.
The time was running the army, we understand.
Shine had then been inducted, but he was still not in uniform because he had some reports until the camp saw upon his temporary duty.
So he was in the air, he was a soldier of the United States, but he was not yet served.
He was still on temporary duty in New York.
He said that Cohn's were to save his life.
There would be times when they would have to have shine for a air-day in first-use, or it helps them on matters which he has been working on.
And it stayed in place again.
That situation did occur, that he was sure arranged in Sydney, so the soldiers should be available after training hours to consult with committees.
So the ones who launched, I mentioned the points to the fact that they were doing that.
Out of the present, not of the present, but anybody.
Well, that's a good idea.
The arrangement, to which the secretary then agreed to satisfy the secretary, apparently, was Mr. Cohn.
Yes, it seemed that it's after he was in the hospital, and that's just a matter of the time he was present.
Curtis can seem to carry on with the question.
Then out of the present, the committee was spoke to the secretary, and what was that that conversation?
Well, I just inquired as to whether or not he anticipated it, whether any difficulty has resolved his death, and every once in a while he was something that it's back.
I do not want to wait in the position where it can be intended, that I have done something to instruct the legitimate work of a congressional committee.
And this committee can face the needs that that man is officially required.
I am not going to cut him off until we're written down on how this is intended, that I have done it in any way to have or any of this congressional message.
All right.
Was there any further discussion on November's things with respect to Shine in addition to what he did say on this item?
And shortly after, some time after, it was about it.
Concordia halfway through the luncheon. General Libra, General Muget, General Sudo joined the luncheon.
There were no further conversations and no conversations in their press that I recall.
When was the next contact between you and the McCarthy committee investigating committees with particular references to Shine?
On the 10th of November, Cohen called me to New York.
And he pointed out to me that Shine had that day departed by luncheon, New York, for four six.
He reminded me of the best areas, they think it was a luncheon on 6th of November, and he asked me to make general line, the manager of four six, aware of the arrangements that was in the night.
I read the news, though. I told him, General, I had not previously met him. I interviewed him. I talked to him on the telephone.
I told him that he was receiving or had received that day's letter of Shine. He didn't know it.
And I told him that the letter of Shine was associated with the committee.
And I asked Secretary Steven Pat, I read the committee's private shine to be made available for a weekend on committee business.
And that's, he had also indicated that if the committee had a requirement form for a social business on weekdays, the secretary desires that he may be made available provided, it's just not in the sphere with his claim.
General Ryan's response to me was to the effect that he's of course that arranged it. Instead of say, come down here and want to interrogate witnesses, or something like that, I will make a special room or a special private village available to them so that they can do anything they want here on the boat.
I made it quite clear to General Ryan that the soldiers were to be available for committee business, and that it was not for me to be available for training.
General Ryan and the committee is on the fence, because the secretary is required.
Now that is the event of November's fence, as it was shown to the telephone column that's going to New York City to view.
Yes sir. And those are all the events that as of November's fence, relating to Shine, is that correct?
That's the question my conversation with General Ryan, I called him to come back on the telephone in New York and told him that I have a meeting.
For a weekend and for a night hearing of the week, all the committee business is yesterday.
And so long I believe you said that this did not interfere with his military claims. That was a clear justification, so it did not interfere with the claim.
And you tell us when the next contact between you and any member of the committee was with reference to Jai.
So it's a coincidence in November's fence.
So with reference to Shine alone, I think it would be on 7th.
No, then with reference to Shine and many other suspects in a conversation.
Well I had a theory that telephone column was Mr. Cohn over the weekend.
I'll go over the time. I'll go over the time. I'll go over the time. I'll go over the 13th. As result of Mr. Cohn's success sentence.
I cannot say what are Shines? What is discussed in any of those conversations?
On November 13th, the second day, having Chris Conference, Miss Adams.
Yes, sir, he did. In substance, what was it?
The thyrocholids was boiled down to about one state to reference the espionage of Fort Monmouth.
Red Conference to the hour and five minutes.
55, 56 minutes of interrogation of the press conference, we can turn this fort Monmouth.
And the principle and most significant statement in the one which was related to the middle state was Mr. Cohn's statement to the effect that there was no evidence of current espionage.
That is the tip to that press conference. Yes, sir.
Was that fitted in the paper? Yes, sir.
As was all of that, did you receive it? They called from Mr. Cohn, you say?
Yes, sir, I did. What did he say?
Well, on that weekend, on the night of the night, the 13th, Miss Cohn called.
He was very assertive about Mr. Cohn's statement.
And so this is just very bad. This is just a very serious repercussion.
It is very damaging to the macaw. That sort of thing.
You know where Mr. Cohn's macaw was at the time.
I don't know where he was happy at that time.
I don't know that he was in Mr. Cohn's place. They didn't have hearings in New York during that week.
I think the hearings were done in Albany, New York.
And as I recollect, on that weekend, Senator Macaw's meeting had gone to Maine to make some speeches.
Very well. Mr. Cohn's message is very bad.
Yes, Mr. Cohn.
We were out of my habit to use the fact that I'm from Canada.
That's right. And about the press release.
That's right. And it might make people think that Senator Macaw's statements
through reference to Fort Monmouth weren't true.
And I attempted to talk in their aviation and the analysis was done in the first conversation.
I said, well, he won't be so bad. Just wait for the papers tomorrow.
I think Secretary of Justice clarified one situation in the cloud.
Matters to that effect. That's all from Cohn's call to my home in the evening of Saturday.
But there's no way. No, that's you recall about what hour in the evening about 8.30 and evening.
You recall how long it lasted? Well, I was thinking about 10 minutes.
Anything you said about China and that conversation? I don't recall.
That's November 13th. Yes, sir.
When were you next contacted or when did you?
I was contacted again on the night of Saturday. No, then the 14th again is my home.
But I don't know. Then by long distance call again by call.
That was Saturday afternoon or evening.
Saturday night at 8.21 p.m.
Mr. Adams, where was with Cohn's back?
He telephoned me from New York. I don't know where he was.
What city say on that occasion?
Well, he pointed out that he'd read the morning papers.
I think the New York health tribunal in Chicago was the one with two serves in the most.
They didn't have a banner headline that they had a news story which was above the fold,
which in Newfavorite violence, I understand means it was important.
I was in the stream right hand column as I remember.
And they had lined the tourist week on the line.
And it has a weekday of death.
It has recounted Mr. Steven Davis's press.
And that was the one I think was the certain column.
I recall what other newspaper stories there were.
There was a story of some dozen from the New York Times also.
And he was much more dispensed at this time.
At that time, I recall he pointed out to me that the president of the idea was going to leave
and making the case up there, but that he was very proud.
And that this really caused a degeneration.
And I don't recall the fact that he made me aware of the fact that this within the way
it caused an open break between the Army and the Senate of the Carthage.
And that we might have to have open hearings to the purposes of proving the existence of
the best in all Asian business.
That sort of thing was the substance of the conversation of Friday night,
we stated on that.
And the column served me very much.
I can't really get a hold of Mr. Steven's press tonight as I recall.
I was not successful.
Why did it disturb you, Mr. President?
Well, because I was disturbed, that's the indication of the fact that this was going to cause great
Senator McCarthy.
Senator McCarthy was now going to be off-diased over the Army,
whereas the editorial is not what we would call friendly hearings.
I had been a part participant in hearings in the dodges of the committee president.
When I chose as a spectator and a representative of the Secretary of the Army,
we had been being given transcripts of the executive session
so that we could turn the move to the signal car.
And the intelligence agency, the school for an examination to see whether or not there were new
factings developed that we didn't then know.
And of course, as the means of getting our intelligence people to leave,
and running down, and turning over to the SBI or SBI run now,
I was back, which was a course.
And I was disturbed over the possibility that this might result in no further permission
for me as the only representative to a lot of the hearings when I chose.
And that it might also mean that we would no longer get a executive transcript
and be able to examine the transcript against our record and against the new papers to ascertain,
OK.
And I was disturbed also against the possibility that the Senator might make critical remarks,
obviously, and that I didn't know what to have.
I just was disturbed, and that's what we thought.
As you were as well as the importance of Cohen's interview
in that telephone conversation of November 14th and the impact it had upon your mind,
what if anything, did you do with respect to arranging for a conference with Senator McKaylee on November 16th?
I think I said on the night of the 14th, when he had come into Washington,
and we see, let's talk about this.
When do we see the Senator?
He said the Senator's is main.
I don't intend to come to Washington.
This matter is a word for that event.
I try to get hold of Mr. Steven's bad evening and let's not suspect him.
I telephone him the next morning, and he was a church.
And he returned from church.
I talk to him sometime around 1 or 1 30, I don't remember exactly, am I?
We're talking to him.
Cohen said it in my reaction.
And I added to it some Friday night reaction.
And the indications that these reactions were the reactions of Senator McKaylee,
which I clearly had in conversation.
Mr. Steven told me to do whatever I could.
To get together with him, talk things over.
To call him up in New York, and see how he could get hold of Senator McKaylee here.
If we can come see him, do it at least.
He could make a mess at him.
Call him up and report him.
So on the afternoon of Sunday, I called Cohen from my home in New York and told him that we'd like to see him.
Like to see if we can get together with him and the Senator would be available.
I said, well, come to New York and see if you're not coming to Washington.
He said, no, he will come to Washington next night, which is a safety.
Condipation was short, talk to him at night.
And the indicator that he would be in Washington next morning, and that he'd come to Washington.
And the inspector, the call, has come to headquarters in the Comeroy.
That's the purpose of my call.
And the next morning, the Cohen gets come to Washington.
He gets come to Washington.
Did he do anything to him?
No, and Mr. Tide has not come with him.
The inspector is doing the latest.
What was said on the morning of the 16th of November at the Pentagon in the sector is awful.
Well, there was a substantial statement of Mr. Cohen's concern.
Uh, by Mr. Cohen, the statement to the inspector.
Now we're going to have help over the hearings, and now we're going to have to get the barriers
with Mr. Tide on the stand and prove that they could ask him.
And that, uh, that was the gift that made me, I think it took a lot for you.
I think Mr. Tide was there for the last one third or one half.
Mr. Tide, I remember, in the snow, precise statements of Mr. Cohen or Mr. Tide,
but Mr. Tide joined in the conversation about the hearings.
While Mr. Shine's name mentioned no matter what.
I don't think so.
Where did you go on November 7th with that?
As a result of the conversation we had with Mr. Cohen on the 16th of November,
the state in Washington, New York on the 17th of November,
for the express purpose of seeing the democracy about the country that concerns Mr. Cohen had expressed in the old week-end.
Did you accompany him on that trip?
Yes, there I, somebody who went by aircraft, he flew from Washington to Newark,
here to Newark, here to Eau, and drove in the 90's and the Newark, here to Eau,
to the emergency club that we didn't downtown New York.
We came here to the courthouse.
And we got there about noon or 1230.
Mr. Tide and Mr. Tide, today from a ferry, went into the emergency club,
and I walked over to the courthouse for the purpose of seeing whether or not they were going to be on time
for the days that we had made, because I think that's the 1230.
I walked into the courthouse in room 29, I think is the number of the room in the days in the courthouse
where they put an arrow held at hearing.
And the semi-macafee was sitting in the chair at the head of the table,
through the square table, sitting in the center, I leaned over to the canister and spoke to the room
and he said, we have one more victim interrogated and then we'll be over.
I walked back, I walked out of the hearing man, I walked back over to the courthouse,
and sometimes shortly after 1 o'clock, Santa Macarty, party arrived in the including Santa Macarty,
Mr. Colme, Mr. Car, I think.
We had lunch at the area of the Puffless Bay of the O'Medad Sea in our any other time that day,
with respect to this press release of November 13th.
Well, I'm November 14th.
We went through, we had lunch in a private dining room in Rayson's Club,
a restructuring room, and very shortly after we had started the discussion of the press release again,
I think it's soon that the number of I took came in since we sat down on the less-percently
table, so it was a bit of a fail.
And the discussion came up as soon as we got it,
and it seems that something to be expected since he didn't understand why Santa Macarty was up there
was it?
Santa Macarty's life, where he just was calling the lion,
and the whole country was feeling something like that,
and that every marks which I had enjoyed was a violent mark from the end,
that we started from there attempting to...
In other words, one of the parties of this kind of race that was called a lion,
or a lion, that was considered a minor appellation,
is that what you mean?
No, I mean my one-go-year, go ahead,
I mean that, I have to say to you that I did not think Santa Macarty walked into the lunch and
with his fist, double up ready to find and set a ready to go to his.
The madam's was that press release changed in any way as on that occasion.
As a result of a long conversation with two or three-hour-exposed luncheon and after lunch,
Santa was a secretary, Steven, and that was the press who had it.
Learned that this means, and who was busted around the racists club,
and finally, first in the once-aparole, and where we need him,
and where the fire is at home, Santa Macarty,
and I expected it to be the first time in a minute,
but I was trying to do it all, and I think we're doing wonderful.
I didn't hear that I had the madam said,
just walk you in the steps forward, it is not fun.
We did not walk in the steps, we did not walk in the theme of the letter room.
The madam said, the madam is ready to negotiate.
Very well, now, the secretary has said, and not to say today,
a man there ordered his press release of November 13th and 14th,
and he said in state of distress, one minute to press it on four bars.
Fast, one evening at state, that the madam had no evidence of trying to see an eye.
He was taking the podium, that he had no knowledge of what fact
might be available to the committee, and that he had not intended
to indicate his best statement.
The doctors who were the doctors of A2 are two and a half hours conference
between the secretary and the macartic committee.
We understand.
That's right.
Was anything said on that occasion by any members of the macartic committee
with respect to the latest kind of error?
Very early in the afternoon, I would imagine that through the spot.
I heard Mr. Cohen say, there was first, I heard an indicate
that they were going back in the morning to the secretary's next day.
I'm prevent, sometimes, written that.
I heard Mr. Cohen say that they had to go first before taking the petition.
And that I heard Mr. Stade on a couple of the days during the afternoon.
And sometimes they may have an own, but you can't even find it.
Mr. Stade, the doctor probably has come to us to report this to Stade
and the wire bail was continued for six days.
It would not be a draw all the way for us to go out there and report this.
And on our way back to Washington, it's really intended to leave
with the comments that we've over in the back of Washington.
And the indication was extended and it was effective.
I knew we'd report this.
We'd report this.
And my name is Amidriar Harris.
Yes, sir.
I'm an off-saving shy and admittedly.
You have my grandfather.
Yes, sir.
I understand.
One of the request was the one in the patient was extended.
That's for them to lie without support this secretary's evening.
And Dr. Hive A.
Colonel Flare has a reasonably-delegated request from somebody on the city.
I don't know who.
The telephone general Ryan and has Friday's kind available beneath the party when it arrives.
That's nice.
The telephone call wasn't it?
The telephone call, similarly.
I shouldn't say it.
I think the telephone call also was made in the choir field.
I'd like to know if we could come.
That might have been done by four kids.
Do you mind the saying that you say that the secretary calls his aid
that calls on a Ryan and tells him how shine is there for it?
That is my understanding.
He's the whole second hand.
And what is that ever said?
I'm showing what's there.
How else you would or not?
Thank you.